# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## Date:  24 March 2021

**Present:** Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Tomasz Stanczak (Nethermind, JSON-RPC Chair), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind)
**Regrets:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Jory Burson (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright)

**Guests:** none 

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members 
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * ACTION: CG to push forward discussion on project funding and benefits available at various funding levels. 
      * This has been moving forward, Claudia (Joryâ€™s replacement) will be involved in the discussion.  Should have something in a couple of weeks.
      * There is an issue that if the Baseline project receives donations from the public, that may violate OASIS PGB rules.  John proposes that a portion of donations from non-sponsors go to support OASIS.  John also proposes premium sponsorship levels in excess of $25k.
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * Several projects cooking. EF grant is finalized.  Need to solicit proposals next.  Tas to see if @ef_esp can tweet about it.  John to provide something to tweet.  Kyle to propose language for announcing additional grants funding via Provide.
    * Melanie reported on the outreach team.  Working on a strategy & planning doc.  Jack and Tom Lyons are contributing.  Also discussing co-selling; how to support each other in the baseline ecosystem. 
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
      * Working on examples and EIPs.
  * Updates on potential projects
    * Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding
    * Nightfall and other EY projects?
  * Discussion items
    * Claudia Rauch is replacing Jory, and will be on the next call.
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    * Brief retrospective of the Baseline TSC election process (was tabled until Jory can be on the call) - revisit in May.   
    * Meeting Time - revisit after Claudia takes over
  * Project wish list
    * Would be nice to see an EVM spec.
