# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## Date:  10 March 2021

**Present:** Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Tomasz Stanczak (Nethermind, JSON-RPC Chair), Carol Geyer (OASIS)
**Regrets:** Chet Ensign (OASIS), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Jory Burson (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), 

**Guests:** none

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members 
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * ACTION: CG to push forward discussion on project funding and benefits available at various funding levels 
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * 1 year old!!!  Press release went out today about the $100k fund (more than this now, since others kicked in funds).  Open Collective is fabulous for this.  Might enable Bitcoin contributions as well down the road.  Using GitHub for TSC voting on which projects to grant funds to.  Should do a retro here after a few of these have been given out.  One question is what to do if pot grows massively, and whether that will create some stress around the rules (which today require an Ethereum focus).
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
      *  Postponed meeting by a week because of Ropsten release.  On 24 Feb meeting discussed how to build and deliver.  Next meeting Mar 17 people are encouraged to join only if they will contribute.  Everyone knows what to do, they just need to do it.  He was asked not to write the spec, just project manage.  But he thinks someone needs to do that.  100 methods to document/spec out.  Nomic labs has budget to help.  Lots of work.  They are developing a concrete example, using one method, of what needs to be written, and then the rest is just work.
  * Updates on potential projects
    * Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding
  * Nightfall and other EY projects?
    *  JW spoke with Paul Brody.  He sounded interested.
  * Discussion items
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    * Brief retrospective of the Baseline TSC election process (was tabled until Jory can be on the call) - revisit in May.
    * Meeting Time
      * US goes to Daylight Savings Time this coming Sunday, and the meeting is scheduled according to US Eastern Time, so for those outside the US / North America, please check meeting times carefully for the next month or so.
    * Unibright has written a whitepaper on BaseLedger that argues it is a better ledger than the Ethereum Mainnet.  More specifically, they strongly imply that the community has decided that Baseline will use it as The Mainnet, which is not the case.  On behalf of this group, John engaged rapidly to attempt to address this.
     * SAP has provided a letter describing their support of the Baseline protocol work, with guidelines around how we can refer to their support.
    * If incentive program grows, perhaps a portion should go to OASIS for their support.
  * Project wish list
    * Would be nice to see an EVM spec.
