# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## Date:  7 April 2021

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk)

**Regrets:** Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

**Guests:** Jack Leahy (Provide)

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members 
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * ACTION: CG to push forward discussion on project funding and benefits available at various funding levels 
      * JW recommends some percentage (say 10%) of incentive funding from non-sponsors go to support OASIS.  OC needs a feature to limit what can be given on the website by a non-sponsor.
      * The conversation continues
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * Re-energizing.  Melanie is involved with outreach.  Incentive program has released first funding.  Andreas Freund could be engaged to write a first draft of the spec by end of month.  Something is needed to keep the standardization work going since the existing volunteers have less time to contribute now that deals are occurring.  After some discussion about what is permitted (or not) and what is recommended (or not), JW has decided not to pursue this due to risk of ultimately all the work being done by only one person.
      * Baseline maintainers are generating a V1 implementation
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
      * All the meetings are finished. Will ask for volunteers first to write spec next. Funding available from Nomic labs as well.  No additional funding required at this point.  Antonio will inquire about the timeline and cost for completing the spec.
  * Updates on potential projects
    * Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding
    * Nightfall and other E&Y projects?
      * E&Y is now a sponsor.  Jan B should be joining the call soon.  We can expect to see more projects that might draw similar firms who need independence.
  * Discussion items
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    * Brief retrospective of the Baseline TSC election process (was tabled until Jory can be on the call) - revisit in May.
    * Meeting Time - revisit after Claudia takes over
  * Project wish list
    * Would be nice to see an EVM spec.
      * Tas will look into this.  We think that a documentation process here of what is currently interoperable could be a good starting point.
  
