# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## Date:  5 May 2021

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Jan Brezina (EY), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Claudia Rauch (OASIS), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Kyle Thomas (Provide), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair),  Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), 

**Regrets:** Carol Geyer (OASIS), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind),Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), 

**Guests:** none

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members 
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * Next two incentive program grantees chosen, announcing shortly.  Expecting drafts by mid-summer, ratified standard by early next year.  Also voted on language (see below) for TSC governance update.  Discussion ensued.  JW will develop document offline in conjunction with the PGB members, then Chet will send to PGB for e-ballot if completed before the next meeting.
      * Rate of repo cloning has dramatically increased, which is a great sign of interest.  Also a sizeable increase in commits.
      * Anais Ofranc is managing the doc again.  Work is progressing well.  There does not seem to be a need for explicit compensation from the project at this time.
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
      * (no one here to update)
  * Updates on potential projects
    * Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding
      * (Stefan not here)
    * Nightfall and other E&Y projects?
      * EY is discussing internally as mentioned last time.  Jan will keep us posted.
  * Discussion items
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    * Followup and analysis of observations on incentive funding
      * Going well, well-managed. 
      * Some individuals want to use incentive funds to improve the website.  Requests include
        * Look and feel should be improved
        * Some have complained about the hosting infrastructure
        * Content changes include
          * Direct link to key videos
          * Direct links to installable content
        * Will *not* do
          * A Baseline products and services page, until there is a certification program
        * ACTION: JW and CR will have a call on this, including what the process is for maintaining content, and make a proposal to the PGB
    * Brief retrospective of the Baseline TSC election process (was tabled until Jory can be on the call) - revisit in May.
      * ACTION: CR and Chet will work with JW to figure out what needs to be improved and report back to the PGB
  * Project wish list
    * Would be nice to see an EVM spec.
