# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## Date:  24 February 2021

**Present:** Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Tomasz Stanczak (Nethermind, JSON-RPC Chair), Chet Ensign (OASIS), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk),Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys),
**Regrets:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), , Kyle Thomas (Provide), Jory Burson (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Carol Geyer (OASIS) 

**Guests:** none 

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members 
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * ACTION: JB to push forward discussion on project funding and benefits available at various funding levels
      * JW requests an update. Chet will check with Jory. 
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * A $100k grant to Baseline has been approved.  Baseline project needs a way to handle the funds.  Press release is in the works. Target mid March.
      * TSC has approved to accept the responsibility for allocating the funds.
      * OASIS may use OpenCollective as back office for incentive program fund handling.  Should be resolved this week. Management fees will not exceed 10%. 
      * EY has signed on as a sponsor.  
      * Unibright released a whitepaper for an L2 called BaseLedger.
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
      * Tomasz says 3 meetings have been held.  General agreement on direction. 
      * Starting with small EIPs for various methods to bring different implementations into alignment.  There are ~100 methods.  First one due in ~2 weeks.
      * Will ultimately create a single unified client API spec.
  * Updates on potential projects
    * Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding
    * JW: Would it make sense to add Nightfall and other EY projects?  Need to talk to EY.
  * Discussion items
    * Meeting Time
    * Brief retrospective of the Baseline TSC election process (was tabled until Jory can be on the call) - revisit in May.
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
  * Project wish list
    * Would be nice to see an EVM spec.
