# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## Date:  10 February 2021

**Present:** Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys), Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Dan Kochis (Chainlink), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk),
Regrets: Tomasz Stanczak (Nethermind, JSON-RPC Chair), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Jory Burson (OASIS), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Carol Geyer (OASIS)

**Guests:**

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members - Welcome Antonio!
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * ACTION: JB to push forward discussion on project funding and benefits available at various funding levels
      * Jory is working on it. Guy had an accident and we send our good wishes for a happy full recovery - and that’s delaying this action.
    * ACTION: JW to present project funding/incentives paper to the Board at our 10 Feb 2021 meeting
      * https://docs.google.com/document/d/11TQGg1X87jxOby1XH_yIZRiVCuidnisTtdz-MgPcmVw/edit?usp=sharing
      * Next steps:  OASIS needs to review, others as well
      * 2 meetings from now we need to make a decision on it
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * Big announcements coming. Actives on Slack have gone from 200s to 150s, although still close to 1000 on the list. Lots of reliance on Provide, would prefer more from others as well.  New participant from India who wants to drive in that area. Hasn’t yet seen big participation from deployment engineering groups, but expecting that.  Accenture is increasing internal training.  Wants to departmentalize the work. Need ability for someone to self sign up and remove from lists.  Should be a simple login where you can confirm you have completed ICLA, etc.
      * Nethermind is expecting to increase involvement, even though already involved.
   * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
  * Updates on potential projects
    * Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding
  * Discussion items
    * Meeting Time
    * Brief retrospective of the Baseline TSC election process (was tabled until Jory can be on the call)
    * John Wolpert to develop a proposal about project funding/incentives in conjunction with Tracy and Chaals
      * See ACTION above
    * Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
  * Project wish list
    * Would be nice to see an EVM spec.
