# Ethereum Open Project PGB Meeting

## Date:  21 April 2021

**Present:** Tracy Kuhrt (Accenture), Tas Dienes (EF, Vice Chair), Jan Brezina (EY), Dan Burnett (EEA, Chair), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Carol Geyer (OASIS), Antonio Sabado (Nethermind), John Wolpert (Baseline TSC Chair), Chaals Nevile (ConsenSys)

**Regrets:** Dan Kochis (Chainlink), Melanie Marsollier (Splunk), Tomasz Stanczak (JSON-RPC Chair), Stefan Schmidt (Unibright), Kyle Thomas (Provide), Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

**Guests:** none 

* **Agenda Items**
  * Greet new members 
  * Agenda review
  * Past action items
    * ACTION: TD to look into documenting interoperability of EVMs as a starting point for an EVM spec.
      * TD and CN have talked with Tim Beiko about this.  It has come up in both Core Dev and EIP meetings.  There is interest in getting an updated spec, but not necessarily as a formal project with formal governance.  Not sure what that means for its possible future here.
  * Updates on existing projects
    * Baseline
      * SAP, Intuit are engaging.  Big spike in clones.  Likely there is commercial work happening behind the scenes.  Over 1000 participants on Slack. A commercial report was presented on Slack showing more developers than even Besu.
    * Eth 1.x client JSON-RPC API standardization
      * Team has started writing documents.
  * Updates on potential projects
    * Potential new project from Stefan about escrow for NGO funding
    * Nightfall and other E&Y projects?
      * Nightfall, privacy focus is still there.  Want to work with Baseline on ZK proofs.  That’s the current focus.
      * Would like to consider Decentralized Identity for business as well.
  * Discussion items
    * Review and merge Review and merge [outstanding PRs](https://github.com/ethereum-oasis/oasis-open-project/pulls)
    * Followup and analysis of observations on incentive funding
      * Good discussion last week in this group about perverse incentives regarding volunteers.  His concern is that if we don’t pay volunteers we are essentially letting companies who can pay individuals drive the work.  He wants to offer a bounty where anyone who contributes is eligible for the bounty.  Discussion ensued.  One important thing to avoid is pay for volume (not quality) of work.  John will write up a bounty proposal for us to review.
    * TSC member change procedure
      * A TSC member in Baseline would like to pass on membership to someone else from their company.  DB disagrees with delegation. JW will consider how to make an easier vote process to deal with this.
    * Brief retrospective of the Baseline TSC election process (was tabled until Jory can be on the call) - revisit in May.
    * Meeting Time - revisit after Claudia takes over
  * Project wish list
    * Would be nice to see an EVM spec.
    * EY - generated projects (Nightfall, Moonlight, etc)
